Add link to Maps docs in Kibana getting started with sample data (#32848)
elastic/kibana: docs/getting-started/add-sample-data.asciidoc

[[add-sample-data]]
== Get up and running with sample data

> 

Author: I change from `three` to a more generic `several` because future sample data sets may be added and it will be easier to keep the docs in sync with the product if the docs are not so specific.

{kib} has several sample data sets that you can use to explore {kib} before loading your own data.
Sample data sets install prepackaged visualizations, dashboards,
{kibana-ref}/canvas-getting-started.html[Canvas workpads],
and {kibana-ref}/maps.html[Maps].

> 

Author: I changed the working from `common use cases` to `variety of use cases` because the word `common` to me installs a feeling of limit. I like `variety` better because it implies there are so many more.

> The sample data sets show case a variety of use cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The sample data sets showcase a variety of use cases:
```
